chore: docs (#944)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/060_best-practices/README.md

## Debugging

- [Breakpoints](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/best-practices/#using-breakpoints)
- [Logging](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/best-practices/#logging)
- [Internal Error Occurred](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/best-practices/#internal-error-occurred)
- [Pepr Store](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/best-practices/#pepr-store)

_It is always a best practice to add a `Validate` to your `Mutate` to ensure that the object is in a valid state before making changes._

> _If you think your Webhook is not being called for a given resource, should check the `*WebhookConfiguration`._

Author: ```suggestion
_If you think your Webhook is not being called for a given resource, check the `*WebhookConfiguration`._
```

Note that you will need a cluster running: 

```bash
k3d cluster create pepr-dev --k3s-arg '--debug@server:0' --wait
```

```typescript
When(a.Pod)
  .IsCreated()
  .InNamespace("my-app")
  .WithName("database")
  .Mutate(pod => {
    // Set a breakpoint here
    pod.metadata.labels["pepr"] = "true";
    return pod;
  })
  .Validate(pod => {
    // Set a breakpoint here
    if (pod.metadata.labels["pepr"] !== "true") {
      return ["Label 'pepr' must be 'true'"];
    }
  });
```

### Logging

Pepr can deploy two controllers: Admission and Watch. The controllers deployed are dictated by the [actions](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/user-guide/actions/) used in the capabilities (Pepr only deploys what is necessary). The default log level is `info`, but it can be changed to `debug` by setting the environment variable `LOG_LEVEL` to `debug`.

Pepr logs for all pods:

```bash
kubectl logs -l app.kubernetes.io/controller
```

#### Admission Controller

If the focus of the debug is on a `Mutate()` or `Validate()`, the relevenat logs will be from pods with label `pepr.dev/controller: admission`.

```bash
kubectl logs -l pepr.dev/controller=admission -n pepr-system
```

> For a more refined admission log which can be optionally filter by the module UUID can be obtained [`npx pepr monitor`](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/best-practices/#monitoring):

Author: ```suggestion
More refined admission logs which can be optionally filtered by the module UUID can be obtained [`npx pepr monitor`](https://docs.pepr.dev/main/best-practices/#monitoring):
```

```bash
npx pepr monitor 
```

#### Watch Controller

If the focus of the debug is a `Watch()`, `Reconcile()`, or `OnSchedule()`, look for logs from pods containing label `pepr.dev/controller: watch`.

```bash
kubectl logs -l pepr.dev/controller=watch -n pepr-system
```

### Internal Error Occurred

```bash
Error from server (InternalError): Internal error occurred: failed calling webhook "<pepr_module>pepr.dev": failed to call webhook: Post ...
```

> When an internal error occurs, it is recommended to check the `*WebhookConfiguration` to check the timeout and failurePolicy. If a request cannot be processed within the timeout, the request will be rejected if the failurePolicy is set to `Fail`. If the failurePolicy is set to `Ignore`, he request will be allowed to continue.

Author: ```suggestion
When an internal error occurs, it is recommended to check the `*WebhookConfiguration` to check the timeout and failurePolicy. If a request cannot be processed within the timeout, the request will be rejected if the failurePolicy is set to `Fail`. If the failurePolicy is set to `Ignore`, the request will be allowed to continue.
```

If you have a validating webhook, it is recommended to set the failurePolicy to `Fail` to ensure that the request is rejected if the webhook fails.

```yaml
    failurePolicy: Fail
    matchPolicy: Equivalent
    timeoutSeconds: 3
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
The failurePolicy and timeout can be set in the `package.json` under `pepr`:

```json
  "pepr": {
    "uuid": "static-test",
    "onError": "ignore", # ignore or reject
    "webhookTimeout": 10,
 ```
```
